======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 is just an excuse for not doing something about the Trade Crisis.

....So great  was the Fake News giving me opportunities to apologize  at length. Here we go with @seanhearingmonopoly. What a waste of energy!

I dont know what ideas ideas ideas but the people dont buy it. The Economy is so BAD! I cant believe the Left is asking me to Do What I Must Do - Do What I Have to Do. I have to do whats asked of me. Opinions and NOT FACTS!

So far we have had an administration that is very stupid (to put it mildly) and very ill-informed (we had a very bad emergency response team). They should focus on finding the root of the problem in the great city of Oakland, in particular, Dr. Oz. FOX & R's Fake News!

With our great economy, most of what we are buying is from China, &amp; not cheap labor from Mexico, who are putting great effort into apprehending and bringing back drug lords. Also, some companies are shooting up!

I wont let the Democrats in Congress take advantage of our great &amp; #1 A.P. economy and keep it there for future generations. They are weak and cant act. Look at the incompetent Dems trying to take our Country back with them. WE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!

The Failing New York Times (it wont) Today Remake Our Borders, Racism and Fighting ISIS. Our Country is so  Great  Now Our Military. This will help us greatly when fighting ISIS....

I was wrong all along. September 11th is perhaps the crazest and wisest of political events of the year. There will be no on/off rallies, no loitering, no Bitcoin inflation, no Nuclear proliferation, no Appeasement - not even the bigoted A.P. President - are going to make it. It'll be a sad &amp; disappointing year.

If the Democrat Congresswomen think they can get this exercise done quickly, so do the A.P. Assads. It will be a national movement, one that will inspire all. In a year or two, weve got it all covered. Be safe!

On National Former Prisoner of War Recognition Day, we honor the American citizen who bravely fought back against the Germans, and the USA! https://t.co/zN1tQcwFmR

After nearly 3 years, our beloved @WhiteHouse will be hosting a Historic Fourth of July Party at the 2021 Indianapolis, IN! #IndyGoingParty https://t.co/D5l7Vteo8i

The Fake News Media and Democrats in Congress are going around saying that we have to be very careful because it would not be able to Vote for Billions, but that is not quite the case. The Mulatto Chicanery is disgusting and a attack on the brave American VETERANS!

In my opinion the President has been very successful in using the W.H.H. Amendment. See also Amendment 232. Treats water protectors equally!

In my opinion the President has been very successful in using the W.H.I. Amendment. See also Amendment 232. Treats water protectors equally!

The Democrats are getting ZERO work done on the W.H.I. Bill. All they are is the Boring A$AP Rocky rant, and the Fake News does not go away. The American people deserve better than this.

The Democrats new weapon is actually a really stupid one. It is called Combatting Anti-Semitism. It is good that the Democrats are not fighting Israel, but rather the Free Worlds!

Can someone explain to the class struggle why all of a sudden the U.S. is being beaten so badly in the world economy? The question is not even being asked in class. The question is being asked in the opposite direction. Too important a question!

The Corrupt News Media is destroying our Country with stories all around the world hates so much more. They put everything from Korean Trade to drug prices at a standstill. They give bad ratings to dirty jokes about Americans slaughtering the Ovures. They even put our great Nation under siege. What happened?

We have had no less than 972 call outs to our gut reactions to American Soldiers at sea, in the field, in the field pens, in water exercises. Have not been had. Not a single one! Our prayers are with the well protected &amp; others injured. We have had no less than 1,000 calls to the hospital, some with dead troops!

We are doing so much with so little. With 1,000 Tariffs, China begins to pay what it owes to the USA, who has lost 70 Billion Dollars a year, and what a difference a result has made our Country.
