======== SAMPLE 1 ========
.

If you're not sure, call me at 312-418-8365.

The Radical Left Democrats will not stand for this agenda. We are about fairness, but they want a win. We also want to make sure EVERYONE IN OUR COUNTRY has access to health insurance. We want to be really good as a country about the CHANGE!

....in the United States Congress, for ever. If the Radical Left wants to put the U.S. Dollar at Record HIGHs, WE MUST NAY! If the Radical Left wants to change the Market, we must Nay!

..is the greatest economy in our lifetime, with the best hours, ahead. Very healthy Jobs and all. Yes, I am making A$AP Rocky, and NO, I am not. My best number ever, with 160K new jobs, thanks to great @JustinCillion...

I am continuing to produce, and bringing in record numbers, with all of my hard-working men and women of WUSTON, and am doing great. KEEP AMERICA GREAT!

The best jobs numbers since 1969, at 107,000 + + = 52,000 jobs!
The President did a great job of keeping AMERICA GREAT! The best hourly wage, best benefits package, and healthiest package ever paid!

....This has been a very successful relationship between the United States and China for many years. They are being given new powers to do whatever is necessary to make our Economy very, very good. Many companies have left China, and I have no intention of allowing them to come back in. We own the plants....

The Fake News in the Mainstream Media and The First Step Government department are getting nervous because we all know that the Russians were not, nor are we paying any attention to the election related, just working overtime hours.

....to anyone who has followed the Presidential Race or the Administration in some way. They went through a period of tremendous crisis two and a half years ago, &amp; now find themselves in a tough situation. They want to make sure that everyone (including myself) is safe!

....of people who are not in the Administration, but have done outstanding Service to this Country....They have been dealing with a very difficult situation for many years. Could this ever be over! Could this ever again? Absolutely! Our Country has NEVER been stronger and.....

Will Jerry Nadlers old Black Best Friends once again serve as our very own Rudy Giuliani for the purposes of the upcoming Presidential Election? Probably not. I will find out soon enough! Was Trump Campaign Liahol or James Comey a Manger or Trafficker in any way? No. Also, I cannot speak for the other candidates, but just know that they have not fully woken up to the reality that this is an extremely bad situation that must be remedied.

.....to Congress, and to the American People, in order that we may properly deal with this very serious matter. I hope that they will do all they can to fix this mess, so that we may again have a productive and vibrant American Economy....

....to be exact, the end result of the fraudulent and fraudulent conduct of the former Secretary of Labor....I have been in office for many years, and have never seen the need for a recount. I have had the good sense not to do so....

The people that were illegally removed from our Country by Crooked Hillary, the DNC and Dirty Cops and the Democrat Diasporas, should have received a fair punishment. The very talented people that were illegally removed, and have since left us, deserve a very badly...

The Media has gone Crazy! Time to Sleep Well, Play the Game!

No President in history has endured such vicious personal attacks from his fellow Americans. A historic low in a nation of more than 5.8 billion people! https://t.c

If I hadnt won the 2016 Election, I Would Not Be able to Work

Nobody deserves anything in the world. Just sit back and have a great time. You are one of the most successful people in the history of the United States. Congratulations!

When you put all of the pressure on Trump to release the so-called scariest crime against a federal official, there is a very real chance that he could have been hit so hard that his Wounding Jew Beheading was actually a brutal and inexpensive &amp; unsuccessful act. Remember, this was a President who loved Israel....

Thank you Steve! https://t.co/wLQ8vfNgp9

In order to properly honor Stonewall Revisited, it is my intention that all people honor the amazing April 4th, as we continue to battle hate, discrimination, and oppression. Many, including myself, are saying that 4TH of July celebrations should be May 4th!

....Also, this will NOT be forgiven. I want people to
