======== SAMPLE 1 ========
 the joy of God, because the joy of God is the certainty of eternal life!

To pray is to go out to meet the Lord, even in difficult situations.

Love is the secret of God: wherever it exists, he will embrace it.

How I wish we Christians could live in silence, without language instruments, without the instruments of prayer, knowing full well what we need to pray for.

If we live as Christians, we become holy with others.

The Gospel is our greatest strength.

When we listen to the Word of God, we become true Christians.

In the Sacrament of the Tabernacle we encounter Jesus, Lord and Saviour, who alone can fix our hearts and minds at what is wrong.

God speaks freely to each person by giving them the strength to say yes to Him.

The word of God is alive and powerful with every life.

We Christians ought never to lose our dignity. We can proclaim the name of Jesus with confidence and joy, without taking time to think.

The Sacraments are like bridges of grace, carrying the blood of our Christs martyrs and the tears of our Most Blessed Voscas to the cities on the shores of the North Sea.

We ought therefore to rejoice in Gods graces, in the healing power of Gods word.

When we allow Gods love to reign in our hearts, we have entered the eternity of the Fathers love.

Every child who dreams of a successful and prosperous career must go on to become the first born in a family with a calling to service, honesty and courage.

God loves us if we offer us the chance to experience Him in the true young man.

The mystery of the Cross must be understood in this light: the love of Christ illumines and brightens our lives.

We have encountered Gods mercy in the Cross of Jesus. Let us pray for him forever for this holy water that heals the wounds of the lepers.

We must protect the oceans and keep them beautiful: this is the mission of the Earth Protection Network. @WMO24

Every seafaring person is a journeyman seafarers: fishermen help the earth, they help the community by helping to reduce pollution, they help the environment, they protect the life force.

Faith heals the damage of pride.

I join together with Christs intercession in order to strengthen and sustain our relationship with God and our neighbor. #ApostolicJourney #NorthWaziristan

God made us not to be discarded, but rather to be found beside one another.

We should overcome all forms of theilmentality.  We have worth in our own life; we have value in our neighbor's.

If history were any lesson in humility, we would all find new ways to live our faith.

I appeal to all peoples concerned about the ongoing reconstruction of their countries and societies. #OCCUPY2019

Let us remember our brothers and sisters in Afghanistan, in Iraq, in Sri Lanka, in the Holy Land and in the whole region.

The Lord is knocking at the door of our hearts.  The Door of Salvation opens once a year.

Christians, Christians, and Muslims: go out and worship the Father, the God of merciful love, who never tires of forgiving.

God bless and protect Iraq! 
May God's grace be used effectively in the fight against terrorism and human trafficking.

Every Christian, priest and missionary, counts the hour at the end of his/her age.  We should all be calling this moment just days before the Lord-filled Resurrection.

Let us allow God to fill our hearts and minds with his goodness and mercy.

In our daily lives, we find joy, strength and consolation.  God makes us feel alive again.

Every Christian, priest and missionary, counts the hour at Easter at 3 AM.  He needs to go out to meet the Lord, to obtain the grace to make room for Christ before Easter.

We are called to make known to everyone that Jesus is the sure-fire certainty of salvation.  This is the message that Peter and John have down at Bethlehem.

Every time a Church missionary undertakes an action of faithfulness, she is carrying the weight of her own untiring effort.

Let us pray for Christians living in and around Iraq.  Let us pray with them.

Mary our Mother, protect and educate the children who grow up in dignity. #SantaMarta

God creates beauty in chaos, but also in order.  Let us imitate the beauty of Mother Earth by forming lots of little creatures who will grow up to be stars in the universe!

We pray that each family and church may live in harmony and peace in all its forms.

Let us learn from the exemplary lives of Catholic and Muslim migrants.
